so while I have you all here i thought i
would share with you these cards that i
made these are actually the simplest and
look at them aren't they can you see how
they sparkle oh my god they're so cool i
love them and this isn't even my
favorite i just use scraps um look at
this orange and pink blingy one look at
the sparkle from the stickles so this is
the easiest card in the world to make
and when people open it they always go
wow so I love getting that wow factor
and this is so easy what I used was die
cuts with a view I think it's die cuts
with a view or cane company or I can't
remember but the company that makes the
card blanks they're just like playing
cards and actually this one was not a
playing card it was a decorated card but
I just wanted the plain orange side so
I'm just using that for the back the
rest of them and the nice thing about
these cards is that they're colored on
the outside and they're white in the
middle so you don't have to line them
and then I just took a piece of this is
actually really cheap card stock from
the recollections that's pretty thin
it's not great card stock but it's good
for it just kind of using for scrap work
and stuff so I ran that through my
cuttlebug with the Swiss dots and then I
left a little band across the bottom
that didn't have any dots on it and I
stamped thank you and I didn't do a
great job there but i think the blingy
butterfly kind of distracts people from
seeing my poor stamping this one isn't
as blingy because i use the pink
stickles the cotton candy i think it's
called and that one is not as glittery
as any of the other colors it's one of
that that one in the light blue are both
and the white one too antique lace or I
forget the names of the colors exactly
but yeah you'll see this is my boot this
is my stickles sample card and this is
the cotton candy and it's not nearly as
shiny as any of the other ones if you
see all the other ones are catching the
light but that one and this one do not
and neither does this one which is
frosted lace that's the name of it
anyways these are my very favorite
they're so easy I got the hannah montana
cartridge was my first cricut cartridge
and i fell in love with this butterfly
and i have used this butterfly here it's
the pop princess and the shadow of it
salve shad no it's just the black out of
it I use that butterfly so much for so
many things because it's just an
amazingly detailed butterfly well it's a
lot better to look at the real thing so
and so what I do is I just go I I cut it
on both levels so you see I cut the
bottom and then I cut a lighter you I
usually use a different colored card
stock but I was running out of scrap so
I just used what I had and then I just
go over it with the stickles I outline
it and then I go back and when the first
color is dried I usually take another
color so this is lime green and I think
this is waterfall and I just go back and
I add some and then I put some turquoise
dots i just added those dots and then
the cricket actually cuts holes here but
I filled them up with stickles and so
sometimes I'll use my smooch paint to
paint the body but on this on these ones
I just didn't even want to bother they
were just so pretty so anyways there's
my bling ecards I think I was a magpie
in another life because I love love love
this kind of stuff so thanks for looking
super easy card if you've got the hannah
montana cartridge or any really
elaborate butterfly die-cut that you
have if you add stickles to it its just
oh oh my god i could just look at that
for our so anyways enjoy